#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   newsroom-core
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
arrow==0.13.0
    # via
    #   eve-elastic
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
authlib==0.14.3
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   flask-babel
    #   newsroom-core
bcrypt==3.1.7
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   newsroom-core
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   flask-mail
    #   newsroom-core
    #   raven
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   superdesk-core
boto3==1.26.79
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
botocore==1.29.79
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   newsroom-core
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   newsroom-core
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   google-auth
    #   newsroom-core
celery[redis]==4.4.7
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
cerberus==1.3.4
    # via
    #   eve
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   newsroom-core
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   newsroom-core
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   requests
ciso8601==1.0.8
    # via
    #   eve-elastic
    #   newsroom-core
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
croniter==0.3.37
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   jwcrypto
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   svglib
deepdiff==6.2.3
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-planning
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   limits
    #   newsroom-core
draftjs-exporter[lxml]==2.1.7
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
elastic-apm[flask]==6.7.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   eve-elastic
    #   newsroom-core
eve==1.1.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
eve-elastic==7.3.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
events==0.3
    # via
    #   eve
    #   newsroom-core
feedparser==6.0.10
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   eve
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   flask-pymongo
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-webpack
    #   flask-wtf
    #   newsroom-core
    #   raven
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   superdesk-core
flask-babel==1.0.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
flask-caching==2.0.2
    # via newsroom-core
flask-limiter==0.9.5.1
    # via newsroom-core
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
flask-oidc-ex==0.5.5
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
flask-pymongo==0.5.2
    # via newsroom-core
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
flask-webpack==0.1.0
    # via newsroom-core
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via newsroom-core
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   python-twitter
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via newsroom-core
hachoir==3.0a3
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
hermescache==0.10.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
honcho==1.1.0
    # via newsroom-core
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   oauth2client
icalendar==4.0.9
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-planning
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   requests
isodate==0.6.1
    # via python3-saml
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   flask-wtf
    #   newsroom-core
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   newsroom-core
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   newsroom-core
jwcrypto==1.4.2
    # via
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   newsroom-core
    #   python-jwt
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   celery
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
ldap3==2.5.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
limits==3.2.0
    # via
    #   flask-limiter
    #   newsroom-core
lxml==4.6.5
    # via
    #   draftjs-exporter
    #   newsroom-core
    #   python3-saml
    #   superdesk-core
    #   svglib
    #   xmlsec
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
mongolock==1.3.4
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
natsort==8.2.0
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   newsroom-core
newsroom-core @ git+https://github.com/superdesk/newsroom-core.git@develop
    # via -r requirements.in
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   newsroom-core
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   deepdiff
    #   newsroom-core
orjson==3.8.6
    # via
    #   deepdiff
    #   newsroom-core
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   limits
    #   newsroom-core
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   reportlab
    #   superdesk-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   ldap3
    #   newsroom-core
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   newsroom-core
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   newsroom-core
pyhanko==0.17.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.20.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pymongo==3.11.4
    # via
    #   eve
    #   flask-pymongo
    #   mongolock
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyrtf3
pypdf==3.5.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   qrcode
pyrtf3==0.47.5
    # via newsroom-core
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
python-dateutil==2.7.5
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   icalendar
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
python-jwt==4.0.0
    # via
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   newsroom-core
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
python-twitter==3.5
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
python3-saml==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   eve-elastic
    #   flask-babel
    #   icalendar
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   superdesk-core
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   superdesk-core
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
raven[flask]==6.10.0
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
redis==3.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
regex==2020.7.14
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
reportlab==3.6.6
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   python-twitter
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   superdesk-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   python-twitter
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   newsroom-core
    #   oauth2client
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   newsroom-core
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.5.12
    # via newsroom-core
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via
    #   feedparser
    #   newsroom-core
simplejson==3.18.3
    # via
    #   eve
    #   newsroom-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-oidc-ex
    #   google-auth
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   newsroom-core
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
superdesk-core @ git+https://github.com/superdesk/superdesk-core.git@develop
    # via newsroom-core
superdesk-planning @ git+https://github.com/superdesk/superdesk-planning.git@develop
    # via newsroom-core
svglib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   xhtml2pdf
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   newsroom-core
    #   svglib
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   limits
    #   newsroom-core
    #   qrcode
    #   superdesk-core
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   superdesk-core
unidecode==0.04.21
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
uritools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   newsroom-core
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   superdesk-core
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   newsroom-core
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   newsroom-core
    #   tinycss2
websockets==10.3
    # via
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   newsroom-core
    #   superdesk-core
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   newsroom-core
wtforms==2.2.1
    # via
    #   flask-wtf
    #   newsroom-core
xhtml2pdf==0.2.9
    # via newsroom-core
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via python3-saml

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
